hey Lisa her name's not Lisa I know but
if every time I say hey Lisa should
think that I dated a girl who looked
just like her she'll develop this
unconscious need to win my approval and
from then on it's cake damn why would
you want to be a pharmaceutical rep that
pays over under granite yeah that's why
hello ladies hello gorgeous
oh wait yep there's another one if the
patient asks turn in turn hi I'm dr.
Knight and who are you Jamie Randall
intern well let's have a look
[Music]
apologize let me take you out for a cup
of coffee strong eye contact can slide
intimacy you're good you always this
mean but actually this is me being nice
you have beautiful eyes that's it that's
the best you got this is about
connection for you this isn't even about
sex figure this is about finding an hour
or two of relief from the pain of being
you and that's fine with me because this
is all I wants the exact same
don't you have a boyfriend just keep it
simple I can't do that hello I like
carrying the sound gear voice you like
hearing the sound of her voice were you
abducted by aliens I hear we're coming
out with a new sex drug viagra I want it
this is a revolution I've already sold
2,000 prescriptions this month alone
it's hard to believe isn't it it's hard
to believe
you're a good man but you're on the
fast-track 600 dying to discuss sales
techniques can't do that with me and
holding you back she rejected you that's
why you want her I need to go
it wasn't me anymore
[Music]
I'm sorry I know it's so late oh my god